development.md, before:

* Working on File IO
    0. Fix a bug: account number should be unique when adding : Done
    1. Implement load data from CSV and create Account struct -> return Accounts models : Done
    2. Implement AddAccount, pass account as a param, make it comma separated sting then write(amend) to file : Done
    3. Refactor the AddAccount : pull the logic for making string out of Account : Done
    4. Implement DeleteAccount, pass account no as a param, find from the file and remove it
       TODO: Continue coding for DeleteAccount.
             1. loop through accounts, call stringify and concat : DONE
             2. clean up txt file : DONE
                TODO:: refactor code of DeleteAccount a bit, write some unit testing : DONE
             3. and write new string : DONE

    5. Implement Deposit
       1. load data from file
       2. find the account
       3. deposit the amount
       4. stringify the accounts
       5. rewrite the file
             
* Add a mechanism to switch between file and db context ( factory pattern? )

Commit message:

removed bank model from dbcontext

development.md, after:

* Working on File IO
    0. Fix a bug: account number should be unique when adding : Done
    1. Implement load data from CSV and create Account struct -> return Accounts models : Done
    2. Implement AddAccount, pass account as a param, make it comma separated sting then write(amend) to file : Done
    3. Refactor the AddAccount : pull the logic for making string out of Account : Done
    4. Implement DeleteAccount, pass account no as a param, find from the file and remove it
       TODO: Continue coding for DeleteAccount.
             1. loop through accounts, call stringify and concat : DONE
             2. clean up txt file : DONE
                TODO:: refactor code of DeleteAccount a bit, write some unit testing : DONE
             3. and write new string : DONE

    5. Add Bank model to db context : DONE
       update AddAccount and DeleteAccount to use Bank model business logic

    6. Implement Deposit
       1. load data from file
       2. find the account
       3. deposit the amount
       4. stringify the accounts
       5. rewrite the file
             
* Add a mechanism to switch between file and db context ( factory pattern? )
